README.md, before:

# Diagnostic-Center-Management

This was made as part of my CSE370 (Database System) course in BRAC University in Spring 2015.
This project was done with 4 other members. That is, I was part of a 5 member group project.


# Constraints about the database:

<ul>
<li>Patient ID range 1000-9000 (Auto increment)</li>
<li>Doctor ID range 10000-99999(Auto increment)</li>
<li>Staff ID range 100-999 (Auto increment) </li>
<li>Invoice No range 100000-999999 (Auto increment)</li>
</ul>

# Queries(defined in txt file):
<ul>
<li>Shows summary </li>
<li>Shows advanced summary</li>
<li>Search by patient ID </li>
<li>Search by test status</li>
<li>Shows all laboratories and corresponding staff </li>
<li>Search by doctor ID</li>
<li>Search by staff ID</li>
<li>Search by doctor specialization</li>
<li>Search by invoice number</li>
<li>Search by test name</li>
<li>Search by receptionist ID</li>
<li>Shows doctors and corresponding invoices</li>
</ul>

#Drawback

<ul>
<li>It works for small and medium sized diagnostic centers only.</li>
<li>Does not have password recovery system.</li>
<li>Only authorized staffs (Admin, Receptionist) can enroll a new patient.</li>

</ul>

Commit message:

Added login info and project responsibilities

README.md, after:

# Diagnostic-Center-Management

This was made as part of my CSE370 (Database System) course in BRAC University in Spring 2015.
This project was done with 4 other members. That is, I was part of a 5 member group project.

I was responsible for design and development.

Please note: the username for the login page is "Melodie" and the password is "EOC06UXK0RO" as per the database.

# Constraints about the database:

<ul>
<li>Patient ID range 1000-9000 (Auto increment)</li>
<li>Doctor ID range 10000-99999(Auto increment)</li>
<li>Staff ID range 100-999 (Auto increment) </li>
<li>Invoice No range 100000-999999 (Auto increment)</li>
</ul>

# Queries(defined in txt file):
<ul>
<li>Shows summary </li>
<li>Shows advanced summary</li>
<li>Search by patient ID </li>
<li>Search by test status</li>
<li>Shows all laboratories and corresponding staff </li>
<li>Search by doctor ID</li>
<li>Search by staff ID</li>
<li>Search by doctor specialization</li>
<li>Search by invoice number</li>
<li>Search by test name</li>
<li>Search by receptionist ID</li>
<li>Shows doctors and corresponding invoices</li>
</ul>

#Drawback

<ul>
<li>It works for small and medium sized diagnostic centers only.</li>
<li>Does not have password recovery system.</li>
<li>Only authorized staffs (Admin, Receptionist) can enroll a new patient.</li>

</ul>
